Introducing: The Inspector.

All is well in your kingdom. The peasants work in the fields to collect meager pay, the king pays high wages to the military and has high taxes to fill his pockets, but, what’s this? Revolutionaries in the chat, demanding the disapproval and removal of the king? Well, that’s just no good!

Thankfully, you are the Inspector. The Inspector is a new role, that would work as essentially both the secret police and an informant; his main role is to quiet discontent and combat those who would wish the king, but also to provide potentially vital information to the king.

To do your job, you have various tools at your disposal. First of all, you can keep those revolutionaries and public speakers quiet, with the ability to keep up to 3 players at a time from using the Team Chat function (of course, they can still use proximity chat, but it is not nearly as effective to spread anti-monarchist sentiment across the empire!) This mute lasts for 5 minutes, but players can pay 20% of the bail price to have it removed. Keep in mind, after a player is unmuted, you cannot mute them again for another 10 minutes.

Alongside this, you have access to your main practice: the law. You have the ability to double a player’s sentence, half a player’s bail price (and receive it rather than the warden), or increase the price of their bail. Of course, double jeopardy is fine, but triple jeopardy is a no go, meaning you cannot use either ability on the same person twice (unless they were re-arrested), and there is a hefty cooldown of 5 minutes per use, so only use it on the enemy’s king, generals, or experienced players.

Finally, the Inspector has access to one final tool: The informant booklet. The informant booklet operates as a second map, allowing you, the inspector, to view various statistics on each capturable location, such as if a player on your team with a bounty is there, the number of people infected, the amount of people in each area (separated into each of the 4 teams respectively), and finally, most important of all, it allows the Inspector to see if there is a thief in the area. Keep in mind, this only shows for the region directly around the capture point, and to be able to access the booklet, you have to be at one of your own flags to use it.

However, all of these powerful tools do have their downsides. For example, the Inspector isn’t meant to be a military role, meaning, they don’t have access to soldier-tier equipment like the Warden. You are not expected to fight in frontline combat, after all, you are the king’s right hand man in most cases, and are meant to keep an eye on his realm while he is gone.

Another big downside, is that the King can start a vote to remove you from your position, and replace you with a player of his choice. This vote requires 50% of the population to approve, so basically, you better hope someone who doesn't like you doesn't replace the King!

If you are removed from power, don’t worry, you don’t get your inventory wiped or anything, you are given a menu to select a new class, but keep in mind, you won’t be able to select the Inspector, as another player is given the role (the one that the King chose to replace you.)

Two more notes:

-You get a 15% cut of all bail payments, so make sure to work with the Warden!
-The Warden cannot place a bounty to have you arrested.

There’s a few more ideas I had, but, I will likely expand upon these in their own suggestions, rather then potentially have them get downvoted because of their inclusion here.

If you have anything to say, don’t be afraid to ping me!
